Improve workload identity documentation (#1155)
gardener/gardener-extension-provider-azure: docs/usage/usage.md

## Azure Provider Credentials

In order for Gardener to create a Kubernetes cluster using Azure infrastructure components, a Shoot has to provide credentials with sufficient permissions to the desired Azure subscription.
Every shoot cluster references a `SecretBinding` or a `CredentialsBinding`.
`SecretBinding`s reference a `Secret` while `CredentialsBinding`s can reference a `Secret` or a `WorkloadIdentity`.

> A `Secret` whould contain the provider credentials of the Azure subscription while a `WorkloadIdentity` would be used to represent Gardener managed workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Secret` would contain the provider credentials of the Azure subscription while a `WorkloadIdentity` would be used to represent an identity of Gardener managed workload.
```

```

As a second step users should configure [Workload Identity Federation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/workload-id/workload-identity-federation-create-trust?pivots=identity-wif-apps-methods-azp#other-identity-providers) so that their application trusts Gardener's Workload Identity Issuer.

> [!TIP]
> You can retrieve Gardener's Workload Identity Issuer URL directly from the Garden cluster by reading the contents of the [Gardener Info ConfigMap](https://gardener.cloud/docs/gardener/gardener/gardener_info_configmap/).
>
> ```bash

> > kubectl -n gardener-system-public get cm gardener-info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> kubectl -n gardener-system-public get configmap gardener-info -o yaml
```
